Update README.md (#51)
Incendo/awesome-minecraft: README.md

- [Nukkit](https://github.com/CloudburstMC/Nukkit) - Server software for Minecraft: Bedrock Edition.
- [Paper](https://github.com/papermc/paper) - High performance Spigot fork that aims to fix gameplay and mechanics inconsistencies.
- [Sponge](https://github.com/SpongePowered/Sponge) - A community-driven open source Minecraft: Java Edition modding platform.

> - [Purpur](https://purpurmc.org/) - A replacement for paper with performance enhancements and more configurability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Purpur](https://purpurmc.org/) - A replacement for Paper with more configurability.
```

## Tools
_Miscellaneous tools._

- [Blockbench](https://github.com/JannisX11/blockbench) - Blockbench is a free, modern model editor for boxy models and pixel art textures.
- [MultiMC](https://multimc.org/) - MultiMC is a custom launcher for Minecraft that allows you to easily manage multiple installations of Minecraft at once.

> - [PrismLauncher](https://prismlauncher.org/) - A community fork of MultiMC with additional features and quality of life features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PrismLauncher](https://prismlauncher.org/) - A community fork of MultiMC that includes additional features and quality of life improvements.
```
something like this perhaps?
